README.md, before:

# Tegtory

[![Tegtory functions](https://github.com/sheptalo/Tegtory/actions/workflows/run.tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sheptalo/Tegtory/actions/workflows/run.tests.yml)
[![Pulse](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/sheptalo/Tegtory)](https://github.com/sheptalo/Tegtory/pulse)

## Описание

Tegtory - Экосистема объединяющая мини-игры вместе

Что это значит?

Это значит, что у вас 1 аккаунт на весь функционал экосистемы, один баланс, одно имя

Вы можете стать богачом играя в лотерею или став успешным директором фабрики - это ваш выбор

## Состав экосистемы

1. [@Tegtory](https://t.me/@tegtorybot) - Telegram бот, позволяющий стать директором фабрики и вести бизнес деятельность

## Contributing

see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Update project documentation
Add version to pyproject.toml

Update auth proto to return User on registration

Replace pass with ellipsis in protocol methods

Add slots to dataclasses

Add expiration to user cache

Update README with English description

Add call to repo methods in command handlers

Remove redundant comments from CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# Tegtory

[![Tegtory functions](https://github.com/sheptalo/Tegtory/actions/workflows/run.tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sheptalo/Tegtory/actions/workflows/run.tests.yml)
[![Pulse](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/sheptalo/Tegtory)](https://github.com/sheptalo/Tegtory/pulse)

## Description

Tegtory - Ecosystem cooperating telegram minigames together.

It means that you have one account for all ecosystem functionality, one balance, one name.

You can become a millionaire playing lottery or become a successful factory director - it's your choice.

## Bots collection

1. [@TegtoryBot](https://t.me/@tegtorybot) - Telegram bot, allowing you to become a factory director and manage business activities (this repository)

2. [@Mynox_bot](https://t.me/mynox_bot) - Future bot, You became a raw materials cluster owner and sell it to factories

3. [@An Casino Bot](https://t.me/An_Casino_Bot) - casino bot. For now OFF

Have idea for a new bot? [Send me a message](mailto:me@osi.im), and maybe your idea will be next on list

## Описание RU

Tegtory - Экосистема объединяющая мини-игры вместе

Что это значит?

Это значит, что у вас 1 аккаунт на весь функционал экосистемы, один баланс, одно имя

Вы можете стать богачом играя в лотерею или став успешным директором фабрики - это ваш выбор

## Состав экосистемы

1. [@Tegtory](https://t.me/@tegtorybot) - Telegram бот, позволяющий стать директором фабрики и вести бизнес деятельность

2. [@Mynox](https://t.me/mynox_bot) - Будущий бот. Вы станете владельцем кластера сырья и будете продавать его фабрикам

3. [@An Casino Bot](https://t.me/An_Casino_Bot) - Бот для игры в казино. На данный момент бот отключен

## Project ToDO

- [ ] Admin functionality
- [ ] Tutorial
- [ ] Localization based on user preferences

## Contributing

see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
